Add header about Infinity deprecation redirecting to other solutions (#695)
huggingface/blog: infinity-cpu-performance.md

title: "Case Study: Millisecond Latency using Hugging Face Infinity and modern CPUs"
thumbnail: /blog/assets/46_infinity_cpu_performance/thumbnail.png
---
<html>
<head>
<style>
.infobox {
  background-color: #90EE90;
  padding: 10px;
  border: 2px solid green;
  margin-left: auto;
  margin-right: auto;
  width: 60em;
  text-align: left;
}
</style>

> <div class="infobox">

Reviewer: yes i don't think it's ideal

> <div class="infobox">

Author: done

>   Infinity was a research product and is no longer maintained by 🤗 Hugging Face. The following solutions are available:
> 
>   * For easy and hosted inference, we recommend using [Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-endpoints/index).
> 
>   * To accelerate models on CPU, we recommend using [🤗 Optimum Intel](https://huggingface.co/blog/openvino) integration or [🤗 Optimum ONNX Runtime](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum/main/en/onnxruntime/overview) integration.
> 
>   * Our team can assist you in the optimizations for training and inference! Reach out to us through the [Expert Acceleration Program](https://huggingface.co/support).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Infinity is no longer offered by Hugging Face as a commercial inference solution. To deploy and accelerate your models, we recommend the following new solutions:

  * [Inference Endpoints](https://huggingface.co/docs/inference-endpoints/index) to easily deploy models on dedicated infrastructure managed by Hugging Face

  * Our open source acceleration libraries [🤗 Optimum Intel](https://huggingface.co/blog/openvino) and [🤗 Optimum ONNX Runtime](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum/main/en/onnxruntime/overview) to accelerate your models on CPU.

  * Hugging Face [Expert Acceleration Program](https://huggingface.co/support), a commercial service for Hugging Face experts to work directly with your team to accelerate your Machine Learning roadmap and models. 
```

    </a>
</div>

<script async defer src="https://unpkg.com/medium-zoom-element@0/dist/medium-zoom-element.min.js"></script>

<br>
<div style="background-color: #e6f9e6; padding: 8px; outline: 2px solid; border-radius: 10px; text-align: left;">

>   Infinity is no longer offered by Hugging Face as a commercial inference solution. To deploy and accelerate your models, we recommend the following new solutions:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  December 2022 Update: Infinity is no longer offered by Hugging Face as a commercial inference solution. To deploy and accelerate your models, we recommend the following new solutions:
```
